
NAME
    mymv - move files

DESCRIPTION 
    In its first form, the mv utility renames the file named by the source operand to the destination path named
    by the target operand.  This form is assumed when the last operand does not name an already existing
    directory.

    In its second form, mv moves each file named by a source operand to a destination file in the existing
    directory named by the directory operand.  The destination path for each operand is the pathname produced by
    the concatenation of the last operand, a slash, and the final pathname component of the named file.

    The following options are available:

    -i  Cause mv to write a prompt to standard error before moving a file that would overwrite an existing
        file.  If the response from the standard input begins with the character ‘y’ or ‘Y’, the move is
        attempted.  (The -i option overrides any previous -n options.)

    -n  Do not overwrite an existing file.  (The -n option overrides any previous -i options.)

    -v  Cause mv to be verbose , showing files as they are removed.

    


IMPLEMENTATION

    mymv -{option} file file/directory
    Above is the format in which the command shall be executed.
    
    In case of more than 1 option , the last one would be dominative.
    If any option other than n,i,v is used , error will be prompted.

    mymv -nn file1 file2 would work;
    mymv -n -n file1 file2 would give error.

    The command works on strtok() function which will break the prompt string into pieces(max 4).
    The string tokens are then stored in an array.
    So the code considers array[2] as file1 and array[3] as file2 or directory.
    In case of -n -n type command array[3] would be file1 and array[2] would be '-n'.
    It would try to open the first file , here '-n'.Unable to do so, it will give error and code would not work.

    mymv -n text1.txt text2.txt
    mymv file1.txt file2.txt
    mymv file1 dir
    mymv -i file1 dir
    These are some examples of code that work.
    
-----------------------------------------END------------------------------------------------
    

